Granada city ​​of legends city
historical centuries heritage history
emblematic places and characters
illustrious in today's program
we will talk about artists from Granada
from the past as contemporaries alonso
cano luis de narvaez diego stolen from
mendoza federico garcía lorca francisco
ayala angel ganivet enrique morente
curro albaicín granada city with
culture we meet on the walk
joaquina eguarás where we will talk with the
people about musical culture
globally known
the white album
I do not know but I think it could be the
beatles only goes the back in black is
historical that is based on zeal that
strong he has sold them the world
it was the one with the 17th track in the
first album and 13 track in the second one
enlarged to this double era and then
they took fire spirit from substitutes
which would be sold less and then the
from the world
for me that in the first one that went to the
Flame is playing the first song rice
which it is called the same story
helter skelter pronounce would be the one
the wines
the ship was for a movie of
stephen hawking where the rebellion of the
machines some of that I managed agreement
that reason x there was also a
fucking song that for my taste
it's the best that was John Lennon's
happiness sinde by camps
is fucking mother and then came the live
from 92 that in donington that this battery
charge the client law
and after those break in 95 1 of
crime is also fucking mother za
belonged to the first album of the first
Album album were not two as you
said before with I remember the first
disk they did was jair voltage and
it was there in australia
also that what else counting the pits
hungry so this album the design of the
good cover
alfredo what video cojones has done
well
I told him in alfredo culture in culture
you've named smart people and they
I said to go out to the street
interview several people and the
total gross video take advantage
only to those who do not know the answer
is what sold more visits pussy the
ignorance
you understood the other way around, it made me lose
the time this video is not going to create
controversy is not going to see anyone and will not give
place to discussions in the comments
What do people like?
and forgive me sorry I asked for a video
that causes furor in the roadstead
after six days in the networks that
I made pussy viral to become
trending topics that even people who
he does not like to focus just to criticize
that's what sells pussy avila
visits that people put like this got us down
this from Spain or I am ashamed
chocolate mister director I do not want
a coña then sea ​​to suck wait
wait a little bit worth director
although the audience does not want to know anything
of poets or musicians or painters
that people do not want to learn pussy
he only wants to see uncultivated people to
without insulting you and feeling superior
although they may be at the same level
that's what gives money alfredo that what
who gives money
ok I 'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry for
you do not feel it too late
alfredo what he has done will not come
nor the thousand visits
but not
I'm sorry alfredo but he's fired me
like what we are looking for come tomorrow
office for your money and go all
all right
this video shit that has made me today